Downloaded from
YTS.MX
(suspenseful music)
- [Whispering Woman] Legends beware.
Official YIFY movies site:
YTS.MX
(mysterious music)
- Totally true. 100%.
- You missed.
(insects chirping)
my friend Annabelle at Camp Jewel told me
- So finish the story.
- Okay.
So he's a evil kind of critter
that shuffles around town
and they call him the-
- Oh. the Chupacabra.
- No.
- Dogman. it's the Dogman.
Anyone else?
They call him the-
- Oh. Mothman.
- No.
He's the Hogback.
And he'll getcha!
If you don't watch out.
People know he's evil.
- Why do they call him the Hogback?
- By the way he shuffles around.
Has this evil look in his eye.
He carries a knife. or pitchfork.
Children swear he's crazy.
- Hell no.
(people chattering)
(Bigfoot snorting)
- [Boy] Where do you come
up with this stuff anyway?
- [Girl] Hey. did anyone else notice
the crickets stopped chirping?
- [Girl] Yeah. I wonder if it has anything
to do with that skunk.
Weird.
(insects chirping)
- Danny.
Danny.
- What?
- It's this one.
- Toss it away.
That's no Psilocybin.
Get back to work.
And don't be nibbling on any.
I don't need you tripping out here.
(owl hooting)
- This really worth it?
- Damn right it is.
You know how much we can get for these?
- Danny?
(Bigfoot growling)
(Danny grunts)
(Bigfoot breathing heavily)
- When are these people going to learn?
- Probably never.
- Brutal.
- Yeah.
We got something.
Hey there.
It's okay.
It's gonna be all right. Come on.
(chattering on police radio)
What's your name?
- Sadie. Landis.
- Sadie.
What happened here?
- I'm not really sure.
It was dark.
- How do you know the victim?
- He's my stepfather.
- I'm sorry for your loss.
I know this isn't easy.
(camera zooming)
(phone ringing)
(phone buzzes)
- Smith.
- Yes. sir.
- What's up?
- Cortez is en route.
He wants to talk to the girl.
- It's just protocol.
Come on. we'll get you something to eat.
- This won't take long. will it?
- No.
Come on.
(upbeat rock music)
♪ Come on now ♪
♪ I want some gravy ♪
♪ In the gravy boat ♪
♪ Through a straw ♪
♪ Suck the lumps ♪
(birds chirping)
♪ Through a straw ♪
♪ Suck the lumps ♪
♪ Cause it's tasty ♪
♪ And I love it ♪
- Knock. knock.
- Hey sweetheart.
- Hey Dad.
- How are you doing. kid?
- Good. how are you?
- Dante.
- Charlie.
- Hey. Hey. Mary.
Kids are here.
- [Mary] Great.
- So how you doing. sir?
- Ah. you know. one foot in the
grave. one on a banana peel.
- I hear you.
- And how are you. Dante?
- I'm doing well. Mary. ty.
How are you?
- I'm fine.
- Good.
- Let me get some coffee.
- So what's up. Charlie?
What'd you want to talk to me about that?
- Lost a goat last week. and lately.
it seems like the deer just
vanished from the property.
I think I may have a big cat
running around out there.
- Really?
- You know. I just can't
get out there much anymore.
- No. it's fine.
I'm happy to go take a look for you.
- Well. you're used to
going and tracking humans.
- Oh. not for a while.
But I did buy a hunting rifle this year.
I guess it's time I
take it out of the box.
- Well. I do have a trail cam up there.
It's way up in the back
near the deer feeder.
I've been out there a couple
of times. haven't seen nothing.
but you're welcome to go take a look.
- Yeah.
I'll do that for sure.
And what's up with the tree
down along the driveway there?
What happened?
I don't know. it came down last night.
No idea what caused it.
I mean. we didn't have any bad weather.
Thank you. Mom.
- Thank you so much.
- Well. I don't know
what's going on out there.
but it ain't no coyotes howling
in the middle of the night like that.
Whenever it is. probably
uprooting my tomato plants too.
- Mom. you've been hearing howling?
- I have.
And it's loud enough that I can hear it
over your dad's snoring.
- Why haven't you said
anything about this before?
- I know you didn't want me to worry.
Well. I'll leave you boys to it.
You know. I have noticed
that the government's
been putting up a lot of
those restricted area signs
along those forest
service roads into town.
There may be no correlation.
But it seems kinda odd to me.
- My rock.
(birds chirping)
(upbeat rock music)
♪ I was walking on the edge of town ♪
♪ And I saw the Hogback ♪
♪ And I didn't turn around ♪
♪ It wouldn't happen.
couldn't happen to me ♪
♪ 'Cause it it was the Hogback ♪
♪ And he chased me. he
chased me through the dark ♪
♪ I knew I was dead. I knew exactly ♪
♪ I knew it was the Hog ♪
(chattering on police radio)
(Bigfoot snorting)
♪ Hogback ♪
♪ Look out for the Hogback ♪
♪ He'll kill you if you don't watch out ♪
♪ He's got a knife. he's got a gun ♪
♪ He's not Mr. Fun ♪
♪ Look out for the Hogback ♪
♪ He wants children like ♪
(camera whirring)
(birds chirping)
- Well that went well.
Locals. right?
- Right.
Where's the girl. sir?
- What do you mean. where is she?
I sent her on her way.
- Out here?
- Yeah. out here.
Is that a problem?
- She's an addict. sir.
The least we could have done is-
- Are you out of your mind?
Do we look like Health and Human Services?
- No.
No we don't.
- You're right.
- Clear your head.
- Clear. sir.
- Good.
Smith transporting the victim?
- As we speak.
- All right.
Brass has us under the
microscope on this one.
- It's a lot of pressure.
Agent Cortez. sir.
I understand.
- Priority one. keep all
witness statements in check.
- 10-4.
- I need a coffee.
Hutch.
(people mumbling)
- Hey. how's it going?
- Good. how are you?
- Good.
Hey. you guys heading down the creek?
- Yeah.
- Good day for it.
- Yeah. it is.
- You guys ever see anything out here?
- Yeah. a lot of things.
- I mean like...
Unusual things.
- No. not really.
- What are you looking for?
- I don't know.
Unique wildlife. I guess.
- Might want to try the karaoke bar.
I've seen some scary stuff down there.
(girl laughs)
- Yeah.
- See ya.
- Hey. be careful.
- [Both] You too.
(message notifications whooshing)
(tense music)
- You're like a ninja coming in here.
- Hey.
- How was your day?
- Fine.
- [Dante] Good.
- What are you looking at?
- Just porn.
- Anything crazy?
- The ushe.
- Mm-hmm.
- Made dinner. sort of.
Gourmet soup and my world famous burritos.
- Maybe we should go out.
- Oh my god. I'm so glad you said that.
(gentle music)
♪ Ain't got time for no hail Mary ♪
♪I know my time is coming soon ♪
♪ (We're here to live without no worries ♪
- Mind if I sit down?
- I don't own the place.
Knock yourself out.
- How you doing. bud?
Good.
What can I get for you?
- Let me look at the menu for a minute.
- Okay. just let me know.
- Thank you.
Burgers here are good. right?
I bet you hadn't had one in a while.
Yeah. a lot better out here. you know.
You having the bistro burger?
Yeah. that's a good one.
- No.
- Mushroom Swiss.
- Ah.
Good.
- What are you. government?
- Yes.
- I've got nothing to say to you.
(clears throat)
- Look. I'm not gonna
say a word to anyone.
I just want to know what you saw.
- Is this what you do?
You follow people around and
then you interrogate them?
I just got out of a psych ward.
Did you have something to do with it?
♪ Gonna take my sorrow ♪
- You're welcome. Edward.
- It's Eddie.
- Eddie.
- Friends call me Riggs.
When I used to have friends.
- Okay. Riggs.
- So we're friends now.
What's your name?
- We're not friends.
- Thanks for getting me
out there anyway. pal.
(clears throat)
- It's difficult for
most people to comprehend
that certain things are real.
- For most people. they're not real.
- Well said.
- I found an old abandoned
gold mine at Blood Mountain.
I took a gold nugget and
I was stalked for miles
back to our cabin by...
You already know.
I do.
By nothing. end of story.
- I get it.
So what do you think you're gonna do. huh?
You think you're gonna kill it?
It can't be done.
This thing is a spirit monster.
You know. I don't know how
much they're paying you.
If you had any brains.
you'd get out of here now.
'Cause this thing doesn't mess around.
- Neither do we.
Look. do me a favor.
Forget what happened.
Enjoy your life.
- Hey...
If you see it. can you do me a favor?
Can you tell it I'm sorry?
I've learned my lesson.
I respect the land now.
- I'll let it know.
If I get a chance to talk to it.
♪ Ain't got time for no hail Marys ♪
(Distant howling)
(Bigfoot growling)
(mysterious music)
- Welcome to Sasquatch Museum.
Make yourself at home.
- Thank you. appreciate it.
- Pretty amazing.
Huh?
- Yeah.
Makes you wonder.
- What?
You're not a believer?
- [Dante] I don't know.
- Oh. come on. dude.
I mean. something brought you in here.
- I guess.
- Kurt. with the K.
- Dante. with a D.
- Well. Dante. I've been
interviewing the witnesses.
trying to expose the real truth.
You meet some pretty interesting people.
- I'm sure you do.
- I'm finally closing in on him.
and I'm gonna be the one
to prove once and for all.
- Cool.
I didn't realize there was so much to it.
- Then you're not paying
close enough attention.
- Okay.
- What are you. like. military?
- No.
- You look like it.
- I was a border patrol agent.
- Wow.
Okay. so what. did you get out?
- I got injured.
- You don't look injured.
- Thanks.
I'll take that as a compliment.
It was nice talking with you.
- You too.
Hey. Dante.
Watch out for Wood-booger.
(birds chirping)
(Bigfoot growling)
(eerie music)
- Okay. Sam. in your own
words. can you tell me
about your experiences with Bigfoot?
- Well. my Bigfoot experiences since 1983
have been quite unintentional.
I started going trout fishing. camping.
and hiking in the North Georgia mountains.
And since then. I've had
them talking outside my tent
at night. throwing rocks.
screaming. whistling.
and I can't seem to get
away from them. practically.
when I take these trips up there.
And I've often wondered why this happens.
and I think they're
intuitive to the people
that come up there.
whether they're. you know.
troublemakers or they're rather cool.
And up until a couple years ago.
I thought they were just like some kind of
a caveman-ape hybrid.
But a couple years ago.
at night while camping.
I saw a white orb that was
in the same general area
where I had some Bigfoot activity.
and I believe they are what
they call the Nephilim.
which is in Genesis 6:4 in the Bible.
- Interesting. yeah.
Nephilim. I've actually
heard of that before.
- Well. the Nephilim were supposed to be
a hybrid between the sons of God.
which some interpret as the fallen angels.
with human women that
created a race of giants.
The one most people are
familiar with is Goliath
from David and Goliath.
And I believe these Bigfoots
are direct descendant
or at least related to
that group of giants.
This opinion is not very popular.
but after 36 years in the
field. that's the one I have.
- Wow. yeah. that's very interesting.
Thank you so much for that interview.
- You're welcome.
(birds chirping)
- Mind if I sit down?
- Yeah. go ahead.
- Nice day. huh?
- It is.
- You don't recognize me?
- You remind me of someone.
- It's me. Landon.
Steve Garrett's son?
- Oh. wow.
All grown up.
Almost.
- [Landon] Yeah.
- Your father was a great
border patrol agent.
and a great man.
- Thank you. sir.
He thought the world of you.
Telling me some crazy
stories about you guys
when I was little.
- Yeah.
Yeah. we had some fun.
He died protecting his country.
- Yeah.
He wouldn't have had it any other way.
So what's up. Landon?
You look like you have
something on your mind.
- Well...
My mom thinks that I crunch
numbers for the IRS. right?
But actually. I'm
assigned to the Pentagon's
advanced threat identification team.
- Wow.
What the hell is that?
- It's complicated.
- Wait. secret agent Landon Garrett?
- I'm actually an intel analyst.
I was over at MIT.
They recruited me.
- Impressive.
- Listen. you're on our radar.
- What's going on. Landon?
- Look. I shouldn't be telling you this.
but we run surveillance on
anybody poking around that area.
and when your vehicle
registration popped up.
I almost...
- So it's true. then.
- Is what true?
- The government covers up the existence
of certain creatures.
- What do you mean?
- Well. I saw something on a trail cam.
there's these government
restricted area signs
popping up everywhere.
and now you're telling me
that there's a sneaky government agency
that's pulling surveillance
in that same area?
- I see your point. sir. but you should
really stay out of that area.
- Landon. I really appreciate
you reaching out to me.
But Brooke's parents live up there.
Livestock and wildlife are disappearing.
I mean. what's next. them?
Can Uncle Sam guarantee their safety?
Don't answer that. we
both know the answer.
- With all due respect. sir.
this isn't dope smugglers.
Okay. there's something out there
that we do not fully understand.
Just don't go out there.
- Okay.
Really?
- Absolutely.
- What are you doing with your gear?
- I'm just gonna hike around
up at your parents' place.
- Are you camping overnight?
- Well. yeah.
I need to hike out far enough
to set up the bait stations
to where they're not
drawing the predator in
towards the livestock.
- That sounds dangerous.
- Danger's my middle name.
- Oh. God.
I'll come with you.
- No. Brooke. please.
Not this trip.
I'll be gone one night. two max.
All right. stay with your
parents. you have fun.
(tense music)
- Miss Thomas?
- Agent Cortez.
- We're at a critical point in this op.
Every move we make is crucial.
- Yes sir. I agree.
- Good.
We're pulling all surveillance equipment.
- Sir?
(Cortez sighs)
- As you know. Intel
suggests that our subject
may or may not be able to
detect the infrared light
from our cameras.
I believe he's avoiding them completely.
This could provoke him to leave the area.
and we will not have any more sightings.
- So how will we monitor the situation?
This just seems
counter-intuitive to our mission.
- Stay in your lane. Thomas.
You're an analyst.
Don't overanalyze.
- Right.
- This thing's like a wet fish.
Every time we tighten our grip.
it slips right through our fingertips.
I'll have Smith and
Hutchins and my disposal.
outside of that. I want
everyone out of the AO
and awaiting further orders.
Is that understood?
- Yes. sir.
- Good.
(birds chirping)
Hey Dad
- Good morning.
- Morning.
- Well. you're all ready to go.
- Yes. sir.
I'm going to hike out a ways while
there's still plenty of daylight.
- You're really gonna camp out there?
- Yeah. for sure.
And I'll get that tree
cleaned up when I get back.
- Don't worry about that.
You just take care of yourself.
- [Dante] Yes. ma'am.
- You going with him?
- Oh. no.
I thought I'd spend
some time with you guys.
- Oh. great.
- You're not moving in. are ya?
- No.
- Would you like to join us for breakfast?
- Oh. that sounds amazing.
But I better pass.
I got a long way.
- Your loss.
- I'm sure.
- You're a jerk.
- Love you too.
Be safe out there.
Yes sir.
- So Denise. you said
you had this experience
when you were a child?
- Yes.
I was probably about 12 or 13.
My parents rented a cabin
up in Unicoi State Park
in North Georgia.
My dad and brother and I decided to go
hiking near the river.
At some point. I decided
to go ahead of my dad
and my little brother.
At that point. I felt as
if someone was watching me.
someone was with me.
The first thing I do is look to my left.
where the river is. and
I don't see anything.
There's all trees on my right. when I go
and look to my right. the
trees are staggered in and out.
Something comes out of the trees.
It's tall. it's on two legs.
It's got long. black. stringy
hair. and it takes one step.
As I turn and look at it. it looks at me
and takes another step.
I turn and take off running.
I run all the way back to the cabin.
go upstairs in the loft. hide.
My mother asked. "What's wrong?"
I screamed to her. "There's a
monster. there's a monster."
- Wow.
And did this change your
perception of reality at all?
- Yes.
I was never afraid of a
monster under my bed before.
- Very interesting.
Thank you so much.
- You're welcome.
(upbeat ringtone music)
- Sup. Judith.
- I met with Cortez.
They're pulling all the
surveillance equipment.
- Yeah. I could see that.
Why?
- The infrared lights on the cameras.
- I get that.
We discussed that possibility
in the past. but why now?
I thought we were surveilling
the people. not the creature.
- I don't know.
He wants us out of the area
to await further instruction.
- Really?
- Yeah.
Just stay in touch?
I'm gonna lay low for a while.
I suggest you do the same.
- Roger that.
- And Garrett?
- [Landon] Yeah?
- Take off that hat.
You look ridiculous.
- What else have you seen?
- Gotta go.
- World famous.
(coyotes howling)
(fire crackling)
(eerie distant howl)
(Bigfoot breathing)
(fire crackling)
(coyotes howling)
(twig snaps)
(chattering on police radio)
(radio beeps)
- [Man On Radio] 10-3. greeen traffic.
(radio static buzzes)
(radio beeps)
I got the brush-out across the levee.
- 10-four.
- 317. 323.
(radio static buzzes)
(radio beeps)
- Go ahead.
- Yeah. I'm in position
just north of that location.
(radio static buzzes)
(radio beeps)
- 10-four.
I got the foot-sign going into the grove.
just south of that patch of woods.
(radio static buzzes)
- Copy that.
(radio beeps)
(insects chirping)
(gunshots banging)
(radio beeps)
- Shots fired. shots fired.
It's gonna be 10-46 traffic.
(radio static buzzes)
- Roger that.
(gunshots banging)
(chattering on police radio)
- 323. you copy?
(radio beeping)
323. 10-18.
(gunshots banging)
(eerie distant howl)
(tree knocking)
(Bigfoot growling)
(Bigfoot breathing heavily)
(Tree knocks)
(eerie distant howl)
(Bigfoot growling)
(Bigfoot breathing heavily)
(insect chirping)
(Bigfoot pants)
(insect stops chirping)
- 60% of Americans have given up on that.
We can help.
We have DNA-based weight loss.
(alarm clock beeping)
Which means you only eat
food that's meant for you.
If you want help getting back
on track. give us a call.
913-385-19...
- Special Agent Driskell?
Kershaw.
- Cortez.
- Aren't you gonna offer us a
cup of coffee there. Johnny?
- Cute place.
- Sometimes you get what you get.
So. to what do I owe
the pleasure. gentlemen?
- They want this thing
for bio-molecular testing.
- What?
Who's they?
- We received some intel from our asset
within the black market
pharmaceutical industry.
They do some very disturbing
cross-genome experiments.
They want to combine
Bigfoot DNA with human DNA.
We believe they want to
create some kind of a hybrid
that they can use as a weapon.
- Really.
- The only thing they
need now is the creature.
That thing is worth a ridiculous
amount of money to them.
- We. on the other hand.
cannot allow that to happen.
- Agent Cortez. we believe
that your unit is compromised.
- No way.
We may be young. but we are not-
- We need to dry clean
your whole operation.
Pack a bag.
We're flying back to the
puzzle palace for briefing.
- Wheels up in 40.
- It's kind of a bad time. sir.
- Isn't it always?
(gun clicks)
(gunshots banging)
(agents grunting)
(gun clicks)
(birds chirping)
- Really?
At least you ate one.
(Bigfoot growls)
(fish sizzling)
(birds chirping)
- What are these. witnesses?
- Need to know.
Just bring them in and I'll
speak with them promptly.
- Yes. sir.
- Let's get something clear.
This is my world.
You live in the shadows. I am the shadows.
Don't ask me any more questions.
- Yes. sir.
- We have a leak.
Talk to no one.
(camera beeps)
- Okay. Mr. Ravish.
Camera's rolling.
Go ahead.
- Well. I'd say it was
about almost a year ago now.
I saw this bright light
hovering over my pasture.
It was just there for a few
seconds. then it was gone.
I started to walk out there.
About halfway across the
pasture. there I saw it.
standing in the tree line.
- What was it?
- Well. it was a seven.
eight foot tall hairy man.
looking right at me.
Before I could raise my
shotgun. it was gone.
- Holy shit.
- That's what I said.
- It just ran away?
- I didn't see it runaway.
It was just gone.
- Do you think it was an alien?
- I didn't say that.
- Well. I mean. I just thought. you know.
maybe because you thought you saw a UFO.
and you basically
described seeing Bigfoot.
maybe there was like a
correlation between the two.
- Those are your words. not mine.
I just know what I saw.
(phone buzzes)
- [Both] Shit's getting crazy.
- You know about Driskell and Kershaw?
- No. what happened?
- They were found in Cortez's crash pad.
dead from lead poisoning.
- Are you kidding me?
Kershaw recruited me.
He's like a father to me.
- Yeah. he was one of the good ones.
- No way. Cortez?
Yeah.
- He's been bought and paid for
by a black market pharmaceutical company
that wants big foot DNA
to do some crazy shit.
Wait. what were you gonna say?
- Nothing.
- Don't do me like that. Garrett.
- Judith. listen.
An old friend of my dad's
from the border patrol
went down to the restricted
area to hunt the creature.
Okay?
He said he saw one in
one of his trail cameras
and he thought maybe it was the reason why
his livestock was disappearing.
I tried to convince him to stay away.
Yeah. now Cortez knows he's out there.
- This is not good.
- No. it's not.
- I'm due back in DC.
You stay alive.
- Shit. this can't be good.
(phone buzzing)
Hey.
- [Landon] Where are you?
- Just tracked this thing
to the edge of the woods.
It's going into like an old warehouse.
- Jesus.
Listen. our lead agent Cortez
is corrupt. and lethal.
He knows you're out there.
- [Dante] Corrupt. what do you mean. how?
- If I say another word. I'm gonna end up
in a roadside ditch. just...
Knowing him. he's probably
tracking your phone right now.
which means you're
leading him right to it.
- Shit.
Roger. that
- [Landon] Careful...
- Did you get your haircut?
- Mm-hmm.
I needed to get a little
cut off. do you like it?
- It looks nice.
- And what's new with you?
- Not much.
Work's starting to pick back up.
- That's good.
Are you okay?
You've been acting a little distracted.
- Yeah. I don't know.
Dante's been acting a little weird lately.
(phone buzzing)
- Speak of the devil.
(phone line ringing)
Hey.
- Brooke. listen. I need
you to get your parents
and get out of the house.
- What?
- Just do it. promise me.
(gunshot bangs)
- Somebody's here.
- Shit.
(door slams open)
- Brooke.
Mr and Mrs. Jensen.
We're just here to talk for a minute.
- It's clear.
- Shit.
(man sighs)
(engine rumbling)
(engine stops)
- Is that all he said?
- Yeah. basically.
- I knew this was some next level shit.
- Mom.
- Will you two please calm down?
- Hey.
Don't worry.
Dante can handle anything out there.
- Oh.
Bigfoot.
You really do smell like death. (coughs)
(Bigfoot breathing heavily)
(Bigfoot growling)
- Thanks for the fish.
I know you only came out
here to protect your family.
You need to get back into the woods.
You probably don't
understand a word I'm saying.
- [Cortez] Dante!
I'm coming for you!
(gunshot bangs)
- Oh shit.
You shot at one of our own.
- Yeah?
Well he's a POS.
Just a warning shot anyway.
- You know warning shots
are against policy.
- Really?
That's what you're worried about?
(gunshots banging)
(Bigfoot breathing heavily)
- Well done.
This thing's bigger
than you and me. Dante.
- Yeah. I know.
I saw it.
It's massive.
- That's not what I meant.
- I know what you meant.
- That's funny.
Hell of a thing. hunting
a beast like this. huh?
- Not really.
(gunshot bangs)
- You okay?
- I'm good to go.
Who are you?
- I'm Agent Hutchins.
This is Smith.
- Cortez was our boss.
- Before he crossed the line.
- What line is that?
- In this business. it's gray sometimes.
- But he crossed it.
(sirens wailing)
- I'll take the heat.
- No way.
You need to get outta here.
You never saw us.
We never met you.
(eerie loud growl)
(Bigfoot growling)
- Okay. That just happened.
- I didn't see anything.
- Me either.
(eerie distant howl)
(Bigfoot growling)
- No no no no no.
Shit.
(insects chirping)
- Little on the small side.
don't you think. Carl?
- Yeah. I don't think we'll get much more
than 30 bucks for these scrawny suckers.
- You know. we're running out of critters
to poach around here.
- Yeah. Barlow. we might
have to get ourselves
an honest job.
(both laughing)
(man shushing)
What is it with you and tomatoes?
- You ain't heard?
- No.
Full of Lycopene
What is that?
- It's essential to prostate health.
- You think I'm gonna
give you a prostate exam.
you out your damn mind.
Let's go get these goats.
(Bigfoot breathing heavily)
(Bigfoot roaring)
(eerie distant howl)
(Distant Bigfoot growling)
- Hey Pops.
Is that the hairy man?
- You better believe it.
(tense echoing)
(water flowing)
(birds chirping)
- Morning.
- Smells good out here.
You're amazing.
- You are.
- You already went fishing?
- No.
- Sure is nice to have
friends out here. huh?
(upbeat rock music)
♪ An evil kinda critter
who shuffles around town ♪
♪ They call him the Hogback ♪
♪ He's kind of squinty.
and he shuffles along ♪
♪ People know he's evil ♪
♪ They call him the Hogback ♪
♪ Because he's a fucking thief ♪
♪ Because he'll kill you
if you don't watch out ♪
♪ He's a Hogback. he's a killer ♪
♪ Better watch your step ♪
♪ You're one step into the grave ♪
♪ They call him the Hogback ♪
♪ He'll get you if you don't watch out ♪
♪ He'll stab you in the back ♪
♪ He shuffles around the town some ♪
♪ An evil look in his eye ♪
♪ The children swear he's crazy ♪
♪ He carries a knife or a
pitchfork. it's hard to tell ♪
♪ Everybody knows he's the Hogback ♪
♪ Yeah. he's the Hogback ♪
♪ He's bent on murder ♪
♪ Watch him. just watch out ♪
♪ Don't go near the Hogback
if it's after dark ♪
♪ Or you know your soul will pay ♪
♪ He's the Hogback ♪
♪ So watch out ♪
♪ Watch out for Hogback ♪
♪ Hogback ♪
♪ Hogback. Hogback ♪
♪ Hogback. Hogback. Hogback ♪
♪ Look out. look ♪
♪ Look out for the Hogback ♪
♪ Look out. look out ♪
♪ Hogback. Hogback. Hogback ♪
♪ Look out for the Hogback ♪
♪ He'll kill you if you don't watch out ♪
♪ He's got a gun ♪
♪ He's not Mr. Fun ♪
(suspenseful music)